Dimensionality reduction techniques can be really useful when we
would like to remove correlated features and shrink the feature space.
Principal Component Analysis or PCA is one of the most commonly used techniques,
Spark supports PC as well,
it has a built-in method in the featured library.
We can specify how many components we would like to keep,
here I chose 100.
Once it fit the PCA mode,
we can transform our DataFrame.
As you can see, the result is a DenseVector.
Re-created the column PCA TFIDF,
and here are the values.
If you try to use PCA on a DataFrame, for example,
if he kept 10,000 features in TFIDF,
you might run into out-of-memory errors.
BCA works well, as long as the number of input columns is not too high,
but can get quite resource-intensive with thousands of features.